[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Maybe I'm biased, but I think
everybody should have a Akashic
reading.
>> Oh, be biased.
Go ahead.
>> It was like a light bulb went
off in her head, and she says,
oh my God, now I understand why
I'm so careful with medications
and why I'm so
afraid of the dark.
Health is really important for
starseeds and lightworkers,
because we are here to, I
think, embody the 5D human.
I also believe people should
do an Akashic clearing.
>> You can do that?
That's the coolest thing
I've heard in a long time.
[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well,
welcome to this edition
of "Beyond Belief."
We just keep coming up
with incredible guests.
Debbie Solaris back with us,
and ET contactee and galactic
historian.
Now, through her connection
with the Akashic records,
she receives downloads
of Galactic history.
We're going to talk about that.
Debbie, welcome.
How are you?
>>DEBBIE SOLARIS:
I'm doing great.
Thank you for having me back.
I'm so excited to be here.
>>NOORY: Tell us about the
ET contactee story again.
How did that happen for you?
>>SOLARIS: That
happened back in 2012.
I was an unawakened,
regular human,
just living my life and--
>>NOORY: Doing your thing.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah
just doing my thing,
and one day, I sent-- this
was I think in May 2012.
I sent a prayer out
to the universe asking
for assistance for planet Earth
and was a very earnest prayer.
I sent it out to all the
galactic beings out there
and didn't hear
back for two weeks
and then forgot
about the prayer.
And then one night
I went to bed,
and when I came
to consciousness,
I was on board an
extraterrestrial starship.
>>NOORY: Wow.
What did it look like?
>>SOLARIS: It was actually
very non-metallic,
which I think from UFOs
and sci-fi stories,
sometimes we tend to think
of starships as being very
metallic, but this one
was comprised of light
and some organic materials.
>>NOORY: I was going to say was
a biological type thing almost?
>>SOLARIS: Totally.
Yeah.
Totally.
>>NOORY: Like a plasma?
>>SOLARIS: Plasma-like, totally.
>>NOORY: Fascinating.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah.
>>NOORY: How long were you gone?
>>SOLARIS: It seemed like I
was longed for a long time,
but in I guess Earth
time, I was only
longed for maybe eight
hours or seven hours.
>>NOORY: What did you learn
when they brought you back?
>>SOLARIS: My extrasensory
perception increased 100-fold.
I mean, before, I didn't have
any psychic abilities, and then
all of a sudden, I was noticing
that I was getting downloads
of information, that I was
seeing auras around people
and things, and just
experiencing quite a bit
of paranormal, I
would say, phenomena.
>>NOORY: They gave you a gift.
Didn't they?
>>SOLARIS: They sure did.
Yeah.
>>NOORY: And you've been able to
use it time and time again now.
>>SOLARIS: Now, my whole mission
is to be of service to people,
to be of service to humanity.
So whatever I can do to help,
and if I have some information
to share, I'm happy to share it.
>>NOORY: You help a
lot of people, Debbie,
with health-related issues.
>>SOLARIS: Totally.
>>NOORY: Did that happen
because of this ET contactee?
>>SOLARIS: I think, when people
have Akashic readings with me,
health is one of
the questions that
is one of the most
common questions that
come up that people ask about.
And so I'm tapping into
their star lineage,
or I'm tapping into their story
to see maybe how their health
conditions developed.
Because I am a
proponent of believing
that health conditions
can have an origination
point from past lives, or--
>>NOORY: They kind
of carry it through.
Don't they?
>>SOLARIS: Absolutely.
Yeah.
>>NOORY: I had heard
things like, if somebody
drowned in a past life,
they're petrified of water
in this life.
Is that the case?
>>SOLARIS: Oh, totally.
I've seen that a lot with the
Akashic readings I've done.
I did an Akashic reading
once for a friend of mine
who had an unnatural
fear of the dark.
Like she didn't even know.
>>NOORY: Had to have a light on.
Right?
>>SOLARIS: Yeah.
She had to have a
light on all the time.
And so when I
checked her records,
I noticed she had
a life in Egypt.
And she was the wife of a very
prominent high priest of Anubis
or something like that.
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>SOLARIS: And so
her husband died,
and I guess the
culture of the time
was she was supposed to die and
go with him to the afterlife.
And so when she took--
so she asked them, well,
just give me a poison,
and I just want to get
taken out really quickly.
Well, I guess she was
put into the sarcophagus,
and she took the poison but--
and then put into
the sarcophagus--
but then, she awakened.
It wasn't a strong enough.
>>NOORY: It wasn't potent.
>>SOLARIS: It wasn't as
potent as she had hoped,
and so she was stuck
in this sarcophagus.
>>NOORY: Was it closed?
>>SOLARIS: Oh, totally.
>>NOORY: Oh.
>>SOLARIS: Oh, it was terrible.
And so when I told
her this story,
I saw this in her
Akashic records,
she was-- it was like a light
bulb went off in her head.
And she says, oh my
God, now I understand
why I'm so careful
with medications
and why I'm so
afraid of the dark.
>>NOORY: Oh, absolutely.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah.
So there are stories like that.
>>NOORY: What are starseeds?
>>SOLARIS: Starseeds
are individuals
that are having a human
experience here on Earth.
They're choosing to have
a human incarnation,
but their souls originated
from other star systems,
other dimensions,
and other realities.
>>NOORY: Are they
physically human?
>>SOLARIS: Yes, totally.
Yes.
>>NOORY: Why is health
so important to them?
>>SOLARIS: Health is really
important, I would say,
specifically for--
I think health is
important for everybody.
I actually love that
lady's enthusiasm.
>>NOORY: She was bubbly.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah.
She was bubbly.
She was very enthusiastic,
and I feel the same way.
I'm just like, I'm so--
>>NOORY: Hold you back.
Hold you back.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah.
I'm so passionate
about this topic,
and that's why I'm glad
I'm here talking about it.
But I would say, health is
really important for starseeds
and lightworkers,
because we are here to,
I think, embody the 5D
human, the new humanity
that's going to be moving into
this new ascension process
and being able to
transcend dimensions.
So we're talking
about transcending
from third dimension
to the fifth dimension.
>>NOORY: That's a big leap.
>>SOLARIS: It is a big leap.
We're not going to be
able to carry with us all
the karmic patterns
that we've been dealing
with in past lives or all
the setbacks that we've had,
and that also includes
health conditions.
So a lot of starseeds right
now are doing a lot of clearing
and a lot of healing, in
order to prepare themselves
for the ascension process.
And a lot of my
clients that work
with me are doing
this also, and that's
why they ask these questions.
Because they want to
reach their potential,
just like the gal on
the video was saying.
>>NOORY: Sure.
Absolutely.
These star lineages,
how important
are they in the
scheme of things?
>>SOLARIS: I would say,
they're extremely important.
I've done thousands
of Akashic readings,
throughout the last few years.
>>NOORY: For individuals
and people like that?
>>SOLARIS: A lot of individuals,
a lot of families, couples,
and star lineage
plays a huge part
in how, genetically,
we are able to navigate
through physical reality.
And depending on what
star lineage you're from,
can determine, well, what
kind of health conditions
am I more susceptible
to, or what
is it that will help
optimize my health?
Or what is it I can do that will
really boost my star genetics?
And these are things that I do
talk about quite a bit, when
I do these Akashic readings.
>>NOORY: These lineages, how
many are there out there,
and are they from the
galaxy, the universe?
Where are they?
>>SOLARIS: Well, I would
say specific to Earth,
there's probably the
same 22 different races
that I see over and over again.
Because these are
the races that have
chosen to be involved
with the Earth experiment.
So I tend to see a trend with
certain specific lineages,
at least for those of us
that are incarnated here
on Earth right now.
But to answer your
question overall,
there's a multitude of
star lineages out there.
>>NOORY: Are they good, bad,
or are they all benevolent?
>>SOLARIS: I would say,
the majority of them,
as far as humans,
are benevolent,
but you do get some
folks that maybe
have had some incarnations
and some very dark lives
in dark star systems.
So I do reading
sometimes for folks who
have reptilian lineage, and--
>>NOORY: That's not good.
>>SOLARIS: Not necessarily.
Sometimes, reptilian can
be beneficial as well.
I don't like to
categorize one race
as being totally good or
totally bad, for sure.
>>NOORY: Do people
ingest, sometimes,
bad things, not necessarily
bad food but bad things
for their psyche, their karma.
>>SOLARIS: Oh, completely.
I would say, in our current
Western reality, right now,
or Western civilization reality,
we are bombarded with toxicity.
We're bombarded with
information overload,
with EMFs, with other
components that can definitely
have a negative effect on our
energy field, our auric fields.
So we start not feeling so good,
and sometimes we don't really
have an explanation for it.
So as far as an
approach to health,
I would say there's
three key components.
The first one being working
on our emotional health.
That is key.
>>NOORY: I think that's
the key to the whole thing.
>>SOLARIS: Oh, it's
totally the key.
>>NOORY: You're spot on on that.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah.
The second one is
diet and exercise.
We are living in a
physical reality.
We're having our physical
manifestations in our bodies,
and so we do need to
take care of our bodies.
And then third
would be meditation.
>>NOORY: How important is
it for people all to tap
into their Akashic records?
>>SOLARIS: I would say--
I don't know.
Maybe I'm biased,
but I think everybody
should have an Akashic reading.
>>NOORY: Oh, be biased.
Go ahead.
>>SOLARIS: I think everybody
should have an Akashic reading,
and I also believe people
should do an Akashic clearing.
>>NOORY: What is that?
>>SOLARIS: So clear old
patterns from their records.
>>NOORY: You can do that?
You can expunge your records?
>>SOLARIS: You can.
Yes.
>>NOORY: I never knew that.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah.
It's amazing.
>>NOORY: You mean, you could
take out some of the bad stuff.
>>SOLARIS: Or minimize it
or disconnect the person's
karmic attachment to an
old story that's playing
over and over and over again.
>>NOORY: That's
the coolest thing
I've heard in a long time.
>>SOLARIS: Well, thank you.
I think it's pretty
cool too, and I've
seen people's lives
dramatically change
after having an Akashic
reading or an Akashic clearing.
>>NOORY: So let's
assume somebody
did something horrendous
in their earlier life.
They're ashamed of it.
They're embarrassed.
They're disappointed
with themselves.
You can go into those records
and get that taken out,
and it changes who
they are and what
they are, almost to the point
where they didn't do it?
>>SOLARIS: Yes, it
does work that way.
We do a invocation at the
end of each Akashic clearing
session, where we are
resetting Akashic--
or resetting intentions
in that person's records
or creating new
parameters, where
they're realigned with their
original cosmic blueprint.
And then we're
disconnecting them also
from any old soul contracts,
any old timelines, dimensions,
stories, old karmic patterns
that are no longer serving
their highest good.
So that would include
something like say a past life
experience or even a
past experience here
in this lifetime, where it
might be affecting them.
They might be running
these old patterns
over and over and over again.
But then we disconnect
them from that,
and they're able
to move forward.
It is a beautiful thing.
>>NOORY: It is.
Now, how can we slow down
our spiritual aging process?
Can you?
>>SOLARIS: Well, I like to think
of spirituality, since we're
like a four-part being, so
there's a spiritual component.
There's the mental, there's
the physical, and also
the emotional component.
But certainly, we can
de-age integrating
all of these components.
So what I mentioned before
about emotional healing, that
definitely has a
de-aging effect,
in the sense that we
become less stressed.
You are not worried about
things so much anymore.
We're not getting enmeshed
into our negative emotions.
So that could have, in
itself, have a very strong
de-aging component
to it, and that's
part of what the
Akashic clearing does.
It just takes a person
through a process
of letting go of old connections
or old contracts that
are no longer serving
their highest good.
>>NOORY: Why do some people,
Debbie, look their age?
Other people look younger.
Some people look older.
How does that happen?
>>SOLARIS: Well, I think
there's many components that
are connected with that.
I'm a big proponent
of epigenetics.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>SOLARIS: Epigenetics
is molecules
that are connected to
our DNA that is actually
determined by our lifestyle.
It's not genetics that
have been inherited
by our families, our parents.
So the way we live and
the choices that we make
can have a direct effect on
epigenetics and the point
where we can reverse
old stuff, even
past life stuff that may be
causing us to age faster.
I believe that I'm a
walking example of that.
I've done a tremendous
health transformation
in the last couple of
years, and people tell me
I look a lot younger now
than I did two years ago.
But there's a four-point
component to it--
meditation with the spiritual,
connecting with your higher
self, your higher guidance,
connecting with your star
family, if you are a starseed,
will have a direct component
in helping to de-age you.
Also, diet and exercise,
the high vibrational diet--
that's a diet I also follow--
will help you, because
food contains energy.
And we are all energy, and
ingesting higher dimensional
energy is definitely going
to raise our vibration.
Exercise helps so much
with the physical body,
with toning ourselves, with us--
it has a direct component on
components such as telomeres
and mitochondria in our bodies.
>>NOORY: That's important.
>>SOLARIS: It is very important.
And so when we're able to
prolong those telomere lengths
or those mitochondria
connections in our DNA,
it just helps us to
strengthen overall.
So you have to take a
four-pronged approach
to health.
Working on your emotions
is very important.
>>NOORY: Meditation.
>>SOLARIS: The shadow
work, the meditation,
working on your
diet and exercise,
and also just being in presence,
being in presence with who
you are and having a
different reaction to things,
like Bruce was talking about.
>>NOORY: Let's bring this back
to your ET contactee episode.
>>SOLARIS: Right.
>>NOORY: Are they
there to help us?
Do they influence us
with things that we've
been talking about tonight?
>>SOLARIS: I believe they do.
Yes.
I know, just with my connection
with my Arcturian star family,
has helped me tremendously in
transforming my own health.
They've guided me throughout the
way in some very unusual ways,
sometimes.
I can tell some stories.
>>NOORY: Go ahead.
Tell us one.
>>SOLARIS: So the first time
I met with you on this show,
I was quite a bit heavier and--
>>NOORY: You were
a little heavier.
You were.
I didn't want to say
anything, but you've
lost a lot of weight.
>>SOLARIS: I've lost 75
pounds, and the reason
for that was because I
have tried all these diets,
wasn't getting any results.
And I was frustrated,
and I felt that maybe I
was doomed to be heavy.
And so I asked for
help from my guides.
I said, hey, guides, if you
want me to do this work,
I have to be healthy.
I have to be--
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
>>SOLARIS: Have to be healthy.
>>NOORY: You have
to lead by example.
>>SOLARIS: Totally.
Yeah, totally.
So I can't be out there
in a unhealthy body,
if I'm going to be talking
about improving lives.
>>NOORY: Exactly.
>>SOLARIS: So my
guides kept showing me
this ad for a bariatric
center, in South Denver.
>>NOORY: And that's
an oxygen thing.
Right?
>>SOLARIS: No, bariatric is--
bariatric surgery is when--
>>NOORY: Oh, OK.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah.
It was when you make
your stomach smaller.
Yeah.
>>NOORY: OK.
You had that done?
>>SOLARIS: I did have that done.
Because I tried
everything, and I was--
>>NOORY: Hyperbaric is oxygen.
>>SOLARIS: Hyperbaric
is oxygen. Absolutely.
So I kept seeing this ad
for bariatric surgery,
and I thought, well, I'm
not a candidate for that.
I'm not 100 pounds
overweight, and they
kept showing me the ads.
So I was like, OK, I'll make
an appointment, and I did,
and that appointment
changed my life.
I found that the
doctor I worked with,
a wonderful doctor named
Dr. Long, here in Denver,
told me I was a
candidate, told me
that he could help
me change my life,
and that the surgery
would help me.
>>NOORY: And it did.
>>SOLARIS: And it did.
Yeah.
I had the surgery in June,
2020, and I did lose weight.
I lost 75 pounds.
>>NOORY: It's been
dramatic, Debbie.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah,
very dramatic, and it
enabled me to reverse a lot of
my previous health conditions.
In addition to that, though,
I also did the mental work.
So I did a lot of EMDR
during that time, which
is a type of therapy that helps
you reprogram old thinking
patterns, and people can
look up what EMDR means.
I've done a lot of therapy
just with traditional therapy.
I did shadow work around some
old stuff from past lives.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>SOLARIS: And so I
was working completely
with my Arcturian heritage.
Like Arcturian starseeds,
were predisposed
to certain conditions, and
I knew that from my work
with the Akashic Records.
And just to give you an example,
we're prone to thyroid issues.
We're prone to--
>>NOORY: We as humans,
or your family?
>>SOLARIS: My star
lineage, yeah.
Yeah, my star lineage.
>>NOORY: So you're
aware of that, though.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah.
So I was aware of that,
and so I knew, OK,
in order to strengthen
these areas where I'm weak,
I need to do certain things.
So maybe I need to take
some supplements that
will support that.
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
I'm a big booster in that.
>>SOLARIS: That boost in that
area, such as ashwagandha,
that's an amazing herb.
Helps with stress, helps
with adrenal support.
>>NOORY: Calms you down.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah, calms you down.
Yeah.
It's an amazing,
amazing, amazing herb.
I love ashwagandha.
Rhodiola rosea
another one that's
really awesome, melatonin.
>>NOORY: That helps you
calm down tremendously.
Doesn't it?
>>SOLARIS: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Does it give you
weird dreams, melatonin?
>>SOLARIS: Me, not so much,
but maybe some people it does.
>>NOORY: How do you raise
your vibration level?
>>SOLARIS: I do it
through meditation,
and I do it through
exposing myself
to as many high-vibrational
things as possible.
So only watching
high-vibrational shows,
like here on Gaia, and listening
to high-vibrational music,
reading inspiring books.
>>NOORY: Attitude.
>>SOLARIS: Attitude, having
good relationships with others,
being present in the
reality that I'm in.
So there's many ways
you can-- even laughter
can help with vibration.
>>NOORY: Oh, absolutely.
>>SOLARIS: Sometimes,
when I feel really down,
I'll just watch a really
clean comedy show,
and I'll be laughing.
>>NOORY: Just
roaring on the floor.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah, just
like having a good time,
and I don't know.
I love comedy.
>>NOORY: Laughter's
infectious too.
Isn't it?
>>SOLARIS: It certainly is.
Yeah.
>>NOORY: Why do some people
laugh during very weird times?
Like if somebody
falls down, people
tend to laugh, when
it's not funny,
but why did they do that?
>>SOLARIS: I think
it's a nervousness.
It's just kind of a
nervous response maybe.
>>NOORY: Maybe
because they didn't
help the person or something?
>>SOLARIS: Yeah, or
they feel embarrassed.
So some people just have
a different reaction
to maybe feeling embarrassed.
So I think because laughter
has a way of making
one feel better, it's kind
of a knee-jerk reaction to,
oh my gosh, that person
just hurt themselves,
or that person died.
And it's like a knee-jerk
reaction, trying
to make themselves feel better.
>>NOORY: So if somebody wants to
get into their Akashic records,
what do they do first?
Contact you?
>>SOLARIS: They can
do it on their own.
I'm a big believer
that we all have access
to the Akashic record.
>>NOORY: How do you tap into it?
>>SOLARIS: Usually through I do
what's called a light column.
So I just imagine myself in this
light column and then I just--
>>NOORY: Like a
transporter in "Star Trek?"
>>SOLARIS: No, not
quite like that.
>>NOORY: All right.
>>SOLARIS: But the
light just connects you
to the higher realms.
So you're just--
>>NOORY: And you just
imagine light around you?
>>SOLARIS: Yeah, totally.
Yeah.
I do that every time I
start an Akashic reading.
I'm a big believer that we all
should be meditating at least
a few minutes every day.
>>NOORY: It's common sense.
Isn't it?
>>SOLARIS: Yeah.
A lot of it's really
simple solutions
that, for some reason,
in our current society,
we don't implement
anymore, like the ancients.
A lot of these
modalities actually
originated from
Sirius and Andromeda
and some of our star ancestors.
>>NOORY: Well, they
gave us a good gift.
Didn't they?
>>SOLARIS: Yeah.
They sure did.
Yeah, and these star people came
to Earth with this knowledge,
and they shared it with
our human ancestors.
And these modalities have been
in play for thousands of years,
and the reason why is
because they've worked.
They work.
I think we've gone
away from that somewhat
with allopathic medicine.
And as I was
mentioning before, I
think allopathic medicine
definitely has its place.
I think, sometimes, we have
physical bodies that just need
mechanical repair,
and just like I
did with my bariatric surgery.
But then sometimes,
we need to bring
in that vibrational component.
The supplements do
that through plants.
The diet does that
through also plants,
because we should be eating
mostly a plant-based diet.
We do that through exercise,
because it raises endorphins.
And then we also do that
with sound therapies
and other healing modalities
that we've inherited
from our star ancestors.
>>NOORY: How of people
get a hold of you, Debbie?
>>SOLARIS: People can reach
me on DebbieSolaris.com.
>>NOORY: S-O-L-A-R-I-S.
>>SOLARIS: Yes, and I do
have trainings in health
and starseed health,
starseed relationships,
starseed components,
lifestyle components that
will help people.
And so I encourage people
to go to the training
page on my website.
>>NOORY: Great.
Thanks for being on
"Beyond Belief," Debbie.
>>SOLARIS: Thank
you for having me.
It's been awesome to be here.
>>NOORY: It's never too late
to change your lifestyle,
because in the long
run, it will give you
more years on
wonderful planet Earth.
I'm George Noory.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."
[THEME MUSIC]